2020-11-01: Remove name field from add trigger dialog
because it is not used. Fix a crash when adding a trigger to
a profile with none

2020-11-01: Fix square corners bug

2020-10-31: Add 'add trigger' to context menu.

Adds a new view controller for editing the trigger.  Adds
colorspace conversion code for picking a trigger color.

2020-10-30: Fix support for multiple broadcast domains per
window in Python API. Clean up broadcast helper to track
domains and generally be less hacky. For example, it didn't
used to remember BROADCAST_TO_ALL_PANES and would switch
itself to OFF. Now it behaves as you would expect. Issue
9222

2020-10-29: Create a new logging helper when starting a
program. Fixes a bug where restarting a terminated session
creates a log file but never appends to it. Issue 9218

2020-10-29: Simplify getting the local hostname. Turns out
gethostbyname gives a fqdn on bsd. We therefore can do a
fresh lookup on every use and not break the git status bar
component when the hostname changes. Issue 9217

2020-10-28: Reinstate borders on big sur. Dark background
windows need it in the light theme because they have a
barely visible border drawn by the OS.

2020-10-27: Add VS15 to default-text-presentation emoji that
follow a default-emoji-presentation emoji in the legacy
renderer. macOS cleverly upgrades them to emoji presentation
(with some exceptions). It is a pita for the GPU renderer to
do that, so instead of giving it the magical power of
letting adjacent characters affect each other's appearance
and making it slower and even more complex, instead prevent
the legacy renderer from 'enjoying' this 'feature'. Issue
9185

2020-10-27: Add the ability to output emoji presentation
charsets to emoji.py

2020-10-26: Add square window corner images

2020-10-26: Add support for square window corners. Issue
9211

2020-10-25: Reset send modifiers when restoring a session
and not attaching to a process. Fixes a bug where restoring
windows could leave you at a shell prompt with
modifyOtherKeys=2, which is awful

2020-10-25: Send CSI for shift-tab in modifyOtherKeys=2 to
unbreak vim

2020-10-25: Add script to help rename iconsets
appropriately. Use in conjunction with Image2Icon

2020-10-25: Make a sketch file with the icon and the thicker
bezel used in later big sur betas. Issue 8969.

2020-10-25: Disable subpixel antialiasing on big suf. Issue
9209

2020-10-25: Only respect application keypad/application
cursor mode for unmodified keypresses. See analysis in issue
9161

2020-10-24: Don't keep a separate date formatter for each
script history entry. They are quite expensive. Issue 7189

2020-10-24: Use double/cgfloat everywhere for vertical and
horizontal  spacing. Because we compute line height/char
width using ceil, using float for some calculations can
result in a 1pt error. When using Menlo Regular 25pt with
80% hspacing and 80% vspacing, tmux tabs compute a height
that is wrong because .8 is different enough between float
and double that it computes 24 instead of 25 for the width
(and likewise is off by 1 for height). Hopefully this fixes
issue 9195

2020-10-24: Fix shift-return in profiles window. It now gets
handled by the tableview so the shortcut doesn't get called.
I'm going to leave the shortcut handlers because I can't be
sure I handled every possible way the keystroke could get
routed. Issue 9205

2020-10-22: Add a crlf after a sixel image, like xterm.
Issue 9204

2020-10-22: Draw outline on right side of single-tab minimal
tab. Issue 9201

2020-10-22: Make windows movable after exiting lion full
screen. Issue 9198

2020-10-15: Make iTermOrderedDictionary ignore duplicate
keys. Fixes an assertion in issue 9179 caused by a bum db
with two of the same key from a previous buggy version. The
issue was in the before-dict which is why my previous
attempt to fix this didn't work.

2020-10-15: Hex dump malformed message in multiserver for
issue 9022

2020-10-14: Remove inexplicable minus ones that were added
by 784c183bd6bbf6b21df0411f9015aee8cffb83a8. They caused the
bottom margin to be too big when resizing a tmux window
quickly vertically. They also caused a tmux window to shrink
when adjusting its height with window > resize > increase
height.

2020-10-14: Remove titlebar accessory tabbar after exiting
lion fullscreen, otherwise a single-tab tabbar remains
visible when it shouldn't be. This is especially bad with
tmux tabs, where it assumes it gets the full tabview height
and therefore runs off the bottom.

2020-10-14: Update layouts when scroller style changes.
Issue 7481

2020-10-11: Make 'new tab using same profile' have correct
overriddenFields so that it can later be saved into an
arrangement correctly. Issue 9187

2020-10-11: When you disinter a tmux tab, remember its
window and index, even across detach-attach. Issue 9186

2020-10-10: Ensure no duplicate items in graph db arrays
when saving. The user had a duplicate tab ID. This could
have been a carryover from before the bug where duplicating
a tab would duplicate its tab ID was fixed. Issue 9179.

2020-10-10: Add debug logging for bury/disinter session for
issue 9186

2020-10-08: Add support for VS-16 changing the width of the
base character but don't enable it.

Turning this on breaks vim because it doesn't handle VS-16,
and then draws over the right-hand cell, erasing the
character. See issue 9185

2020-10-07: Translate fractional timestamps to local date in
context menu. Inspired by PR 429

2020-10-07: Assert that array identifiers in the graph
encoder are unique

2020-10-07: Remember tmux window size when using
variable-size windows

2020-10-07: Remove NSLogs

2020-10-07: Fix swap left/right/above/below for tmux. Issue
9177

2020-10-07: Tolerate failure to split pane in tmux. Issue
9083

2020-10-07: Fix a bug where the wrong background color was
used for the flexible view when it was slightly larger than
the root view. Issue 9083 (in a comment)

2020-10-06: Revert unintentional change from
6b4cbcd17f47c1a7591f0e1873830c372ca6d99e that broke trimming
whitespace and trailing newlines when copying to clipboard.
Issue 9182

2020-10-04: Disable metal for obscured windows when using
integrated GPUs. Issue 9174

2020-10-04: Add copy with control sequences

2020-10-04: Add an advanced pref to show tab title in the
window titlebar when there is no tabbar

2020-10-04: Add support for decoding microsecond timestamps.
Issue 9175.

2020-10-04: Move tmux dashboard initilaization into
windowDidLoad to prevent spurious opening as seen in 9168.
Also change the xib to not make it visible at launch. I'm
not sure why it only happened for this user, though.

2020-10-03: Update bash shell integration (for issue 9171)
and utilities

2020-10-03: Don't remove auto-hide dock and auto-hide menu
bar from the app presentation options when it also has the
full screen presentation option or else the title bar and
its titleBarViewController disappears.

Issue 9164

2020-10-02: Fix prefs window shrinking width when on text
pane and changing profiles

2020-10-02: Add support for changing the xterm verison
number. Add support for modifyOtherKeys mode 1 to try to fix
emacs. It won't work until you bump the xterm version to at
least 216 but I'm afraid to do that because who knows what
will break. Issue 9161.
